Extract structured data from this CV/resume text:

=== PAGE 1 ===
WAGNER TAIATELLA 
Florianópolis , SC - BRAZIL • +55 ( 41 ) 99229 - 2443 • wtaiatella@gmail.com 
linkedin.com/in/wagner - taiatella/ • wtaiatella.com.br/ • github.com/wtaiatella 
 
Summary 
Full Stack Software Engineer specializing in modern JavaScript frameworks 
• 4+ years: React, Next.js, TypeScript, Node.js, PostgreSQL, AWS 
• Current: Building AI - powered applications at Avalar a 
• Background: 20 years in critical systems engineering, bringing unique perspective to software reliability 
• Seeking: Remote frontend/full - stack roles with US - based technology companies 
 
Experience 
 Full Stack Software Engineer | AI & Cloud Infrastructure 
Avalara (Leading US tax compliance platform) Remote | Sep 2024 – Present 
Avalara is a leading American company specializing in online transaction solutions, providing innovative tax 
compliance and automation services. 
• AI application, achieving a 50% reduction in system response time. - Driven Application Development: Contributed to the development of an AI - powered log analysis 
• Backend Services Enhancement: Improved backend services using Java, Python, Kubernetes, and 
Docker within a cloud infrastructure environment. 
• Real - Time Data Processing: Maintained and optimized real - time data processing systems utilizing 
MQTT and Kafka for transaction services. 
• Production - Ready Code Delivery: Delivered high - quality Java and Python code by leveraging AI -
• assisted development tools, demonstrating quick adaptability to new programming languages. Cross - Functional Collaboration: Worked closely with diverse teams to debug, optimize, and enhance 
features of services supporting millions of transactions daily. 
 
Full Stack Software Engineer | Contract Projects 
Self - Employed Remote | Nov 202 2 - Sep 2024 
Provided end - to - end development services for various clients, focusing on modern web application 
architecture and robust system integratio solutions, ensuring scalability and performance across diverse project n . Managed the complete development lifecycle for custom contract s . 
• Full - Stack Application Architecture: Architected and developed web applications from concept to 
deployment, managing the full development lifecycle for both front - end and back - end systems. 
• Back - End & Database Engineering: Built back - end systems using Node.js, PostgreSQL, and Prisma, 
creating a scalable RESTful API interface that ensured seamless integration with front - end applications. 
• Front - End & E - Commerce Development: Engineered responsive front - end e - commerce platforms 
using JavaScript (ES6), React.js, Next.js, and TypeScript, featuring product catalogs, shopping carts, and 
• integrated payment processing. Third - Party Service Integration: Designed and implemented seamless integrations with critical third -
party services including payment gateways (Stripe) and email sender APIs (Resend), enhancing 
application functionality and user experience. 
• DevOps & Cloud Infrastructure: Established a CI/CD pipeline using Git, GitHub Actions, and AWS 
CodeDeploy, reducing deployment time by 80%. Implemented cloud solutions with AWS S3 for 
• optimized media storage and file upload workflows. UI/UX Implementation & Code Quality: Created intuitive, responsive, and mobile - first user interfaces 
using Tailwind CSS and Ant Design, achieving 100% cross - device compatibility. Maintained code 
integrity through debugging, testing, and version control with Git/GitHub.

=== PAGE 2 ===
Frontend Software Engineer 
Siemens Brazil Remote | Dec 2021 – Oct 202 2 
During my time at Siemens, I contributed to the development and enhancement of user interfaces for 
energy supervision systems, focusing on creating responsive and user - friendly designs tailored for the 
operation of energy transmission systems. 
Key Achievements: 
• UI Development: Developed screens for the energy transmission operation system using React, 
ensuring a seamless user experience and system reliability. 
• Process Optimization: Designed and implemented an application to automate the adaptation of 700 
operational screens during a major system version upgrade, reducing adjustment time by 30%. 
• Scalable Solutions: efficiency and maintaining UI consistency across the platform. Created modular and reusable React components, improving development 
• Collaboration: Worked closely with cross - functional teams to ensure alignment between technical 
requirements and user needs, delivering high - quality solutions on time. 
 
Substation Automation Engineer ( Software Development | Project Management | Critical Thinking) Energisa Rond o nia S.A Porto Velho - Brazil | Sep 2019 – Nov 2021 
Energisa is one of the oldest and largest electricity distribution and transmission companies in Brazil, 
operating in 11 states and serving approximately 20 million consumers. 
Key Achievements: 
• Spearheaded the transition of 13 isolated regions from fossil fuel generators to sustainable energy 
solutions, connecting these areas to the national grid. This initiative benefited over 400,000 consumers by providing reliable and sustainable energy access . 
• Successfully activated more than 20 substations over two years through strategic planning and cross -
functional collaboration. 
Responsibilities: 
• Collaborated with multidisciplinary teams to identify user requirements, develop use cases, and 
implement effective technical solutions. 
• Conducted troubleshooting, debugging, and testing of software applications to ensure system reliability and performance. 
• Applied strong analytical and conceptual skills to optimize project workflows and deliver high - quality 
results. 
 
S ub station Automation Engineer ( Software Development | Critical Thinking | Troubleshooting) 
Arteche Arteche is a global leader in the electrical sector, serving customers in over 175 countries with high Equipamentos e Sistemas S.A. Curitiba - Brazil | Sep 200 5 – Sep 2019 - value 
technological solutions that ensure reliability and safety in energy systems. 
Key Achievements: 
• Led the successful commissioning of automation systems in substations, ensuring seamless 
integration and operational reliability. 
• Designed and implemented projects with high reliability and operational selectivity during system disturbances, significantly increasing overall stability and reducing downtime. 
Responsibilities: 
• Collaborated with multidisciplinary engineering teams to identify user requirements, develop use 
cases, and design practical, effective technical solutions. 
• Designed, developed, and deployed software solutions tailored to the specific needs of substation 
automation systems. 
• Performed comprehensive troubleshooting, debugging, and testing of software applications to maintain high system reliability.

=== PAGE 3 ===
Education 
Origamid Curitiba, PR - Brazil 
Front - end Web Developer A u g 2022 – Jun 2023 
 Awari – Software Development School Sao Paulo , SP - Brazil 
Full Stack Developer Bootcamp Jun 20 21 – Jul 20 22 
 
UTFPR Full Stack Developer Bootcamp - Federal University of Technology - Paraná Curitiba Jun 20 0 4 , PR – Jul - Brazil 20 0 9 
 
Additional 
 Languages : Fluent in Portuguese ; Conversational proficiency in English and Spanish. 
Activities : Volunteered as Scoutmaster (20 23 - present ) guiding and mentoring youth in activities that 
fostered personal development, practical skills, and community responsibility, contributing to the 
formation of responsible citizens engaged in the community.

Return ONLY a JSON object with the extracted data in this exact format:
{
  "basicData": {
    "firstName": "extracted first name",
    "lastName": "extracted last name",
    "email": "extracted email",
    "phone": "extracted phone",
    "location": "extracted location",
    "website": "extracted portfolio/website URL",
    "github": "extracted github profile URL"
  },
  "experiences": [
    {
      "company": "company name",
      "position": "job title",
      "startDate": "start date (e.g., Sep 2024)",
      "endDate": "end date or 'Present'",
      "current": true/false,
      "bulletPoints": ["description line 1", "description line 2"]
    }
  ],
  "education": [
    {
      "institution": "institution name",
      "degree": "degree name",
      "field": "field of study",
      "startDate": "start date",
      "endDate": "end date or null",
      "current": true/false
    }
  ],
  "projects": [
    {
      "name": "project name",
      "bulletPoints": ["description"],
      "technologies": ["tech1", "tech2"]
    }
  ],
  "skills": [
    {
      "name": "skill name",
      "category": "category (e.g., Frontend, Backend, DevOps, Database, Cloud)",
      "proficiency": "level (e.g., Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced)"
    }
  ]
}

IMPORTANT:
- If a person is currently working somewhere, set "endDate" to "Present" and "current" to true.
- Extract portfolio/personal website URL into "website".
- Extract GitHub profile URL into "github".
- Extract skills from the Summary section and experience descriptions if no separate skills section exists.
- Return ONLY the JSON object with actual data.